mp3info: add page (#7235)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/mp3info.md

# mp3info

> Viewer/editor for ID3v1 (but not ID3v2) tags of MP3 files.
> More information: <http://www.ibiblio.org/mp3info>.

> - Show all ID3v1 tags of a MP3 file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show all ID3v1 tags of a specific MP3 file:
```

> `mp3info {{path/to/mp3file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mp3info {{path/to/file.mp3}}`
```

- Edit ID3v1 tags interactively:

> `mp3info -i {{path/to/mp3file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mp3info -i {{path/to/file.mp3}}`
```

> - Set values for ID3v1 tags in a MP3 file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set values for ID3v1 tags in a specific MP3 file:
```

> `mp3info -a "{{artist_name}}" -t "{{song_title}}" -l "{{album_title}}" -y {{year}} -c "{{comment_text}}" {{path/to/mp3file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mp3info -a "{{artist_name}}" -t "{{song_title}}" -l "{{album_title}}" -y {{year}} -c "{{comment_text}}" {{path/to/file.mp3}}`
```

> - Set number of track on album:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set number of track on album for a specific MP3 file:
```

> - Set number of track on album for a specific MP3 file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the number of the track in the album for a specific MP3 file:
```

> `mp3info -n {{track_number}} {{path/to/mp3file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mp3info -n {{track_number}} {{path/to/file.mp3}}`
```

> - Print list of numbers for all music genres:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print a list of valid genres and their numeric codes:
```

`mp3info -G`

> - Set music genre for MP3 file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set music genre for a specific MP3 file:
```

> `mp3info -g {{genre_number}} {{path/to/mp3file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mp3info -g {{genre_number}} {{path/to/file.mp3}}`
```

> - Set music genre for a specific MP3 file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the music genre for a specific MP3 file:
```
